it's the morning on the Rue de Rivoli in
central Paris for the window displays of
this large store it's a day of change a
saleswoman puts into place new
eye-catching decoration and merchandise
and the least one can say is that the
revamp does not go unnoticed
beginning with the picture of a young
lady she's an unknown figure which
raises many questions so Java and
something that gives me access way
lingerie so don't mother lista you're
doing a quiz but who is this stranger we
reveal to you this incredible story
[Music]
Paris shall de Gaulle Airport terminal
to earth amid hundreds of people and
passengers a young woman arrives direct
from Island her name
Sophie Mary this complete stranger
receives VIP treatment she's in Paris
for two days and her story is a genuine
fairy tale the story begins here in
Ireland in the land of dreams lyrics and
songs Sophie Mary is a young woman just
like another graphic designer and a
company based in Dublin she decides one
day with her friends to film herself
dancing in the garden just for fun
[Music]
so here it is it's my friend Billy's
back garden she then decides to remix
the video on her computer speeds up the
film and posts it on the web within a
few months the bite-sized amateur clip
goes right around the world viewed by
more than 2 million people it's thanks
to this film that Sophie Mary is in
Paris today it's really good that people
are interested and something that I love
to do and it's it's I like to do it
honestly I don't do it for any reason
except for that I love to dance so for
people to be interested in and it's
really good because I don't do it for it
I will look at me I do it because I love
to do with so people like it then that's
that's of course if Sophie Mary is in
Paris it's because she caught the
attention of a communications agency
located in the heart of the French
capital
the entrance is rather low-key yet
behind these walls the agency handles
major national and international
accounts today the first meeting takes
place the man in black is william
Lafarge
creative director this Canadian French
setting so why has the agency brought in
a complete stranger well the answer is
very simple a few weeks ago a famous
French clothing brand asked the agency
to carry out a global advertising
campaign to launch its new collection of
jeans
normally such a campaign calls for a
supermodel a film star or a famous
singer the agency however thought out a
radically different strategy although
they people hope to know telemarketer
reporter behold an all new Saturday mm
communication trilogy - an apparent
people tell Cal Cooney honestly to tell
more than this
Nutella toxicity of italic Aloha show
you to be the emotional feeding the
desert is order affair for weeks
employees look for someone unknown but
the general audience they tackled
hundreds of sites on the web until
Sophie Mary appeared in her little
window city doors
don't also stop you don't miss your
money to step in the fear movie
opposition to develop the video after
days of searching completely matched the
campaign created by the agency Alex
Aloha come on 30 years yeah but over our
second the Killer Moth business is to
tell more impose it by choosing Sophie
Mary the agency conceived a
multi-faceted campaign beginning with
internet short clips bearing the brand
logo will be broadcast all over the web
this is called viral marketing
but that's not all the agency also
thought of giving Internet uses a
totally unique experience
remember Sophie Mary's small movie well
from now on everyone will be able to
video themselves dancing just like her
and you'll see the secret to this film
is really quite simple first when
downloads music and slow motion it's
available on the site specifically set
up for this operation Internet users can
then create their own choreography
whilst filming themselves with a webcam
a camera or a mobile phone now to see
the results the video is posted on the
web it automatically be remixed and
viewed by everyone the surprise effect
is guaranteed movies on the web emails a
dedicated internet site Sophie Mary will
also represent the brand in each of the
3,500 stores owned by the company
posters flyers catalogues her image will
be visible everywhere a modern fairytale
has already captured the media
the following morning is a big day for
Sofie Mary
it's like a movie star
[Music]